it's been an incredible journey lots of
ups and downs mostly ups thankfully I
love that even though the faces have
changed I think the way in which we've
played the game approach the game
approach the mission of growing as
women's basketball has been consistent
done for that I'm really proud I'm proud
of how our organization has really been
a positive force and the exposure for
the game at the same time there's a lot
of work to do I mean I think as we sit
here in the WNBA you know what we have
is world-class athletes and we have a
league that represents
the right values female empowerment
inclusivity diversity so the WM b stands
for aside from being great entertainment
I think if we as a community of leaders
in in the game can continue to work
together to advance the game and to
build the fanbase the futures really
bright the Seattle Storm taking on the
first-place Atlanta Dream Shoni symbol
the reason for the buzz tonight the WNBA
all-star MVP with a huge Northwest fall
storm put up 400 Shoni Schimmel t-shirts
to sell at the game they sold them all
in 20 minutes they needed to order for
its Seattle
I think it's really exciting you look
back on what Sue and Diana Taurasi has
done for this league and then he's got
players like Shoni Schimmel who are
really bringing new diverse groups
response to the league and when you put
those two different eras together and
exciting to see that kind of connection
fans on their feet a sold-out crowd here
at hearing to show me symbol growing up
on a Native American reservation and
Pendleton origins this league has been
around long
we're the younger players that coming to
our league literally grew up watching
the players that are older in our league
they had their posters on their wall and
I think that's a very powerful thing and
that's why you see so many great young
players because they've had role models
of those other likes of Su Su 15 to sue
another cruel cut on the far side and Su
is working chili symbol right now
these kind of I delight of silence up to
I remember coming to the storm feelings
and watching her play so you know to
kind of have that you know history with
her know she's she's a great player
tonight big game to see shorty what
they're seeing is a 12 to score run you
know it's been an exciting month I think
as we kind of look at the organization
for talking about building on the
foundation on in a credible path but
work cited in really get into some new
innovative approaches and kind of see
where we can take this